feat: Allow creation of new window to be customisable in order to support window.opener in BrowserView. (#33134)
electron/electron: docs/api/web-contents.md

      be set. If no post data is to be sent, the value will be `null`. Only defined
      when the window is being created by a form that set `target=_blank`.

  Returns `WindowOpenHandlerResponse` -  When set to `{ action: 'deny' }` cancels the creation of the new

>   window. `{ action: 'allow' }` will allow the new window to be created. Specifying `overrideBrowserWindowOptions` allows customization of the created window. Specyfing `overrideWindowCreationFunction` allows to customize the way that window is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  window. `{ action: 'allow' }` will allow the new window to be created. Specifying `overrideBrowserWindowOptions` allows customization of the created window. Specifying `createWindow` allows to customize the way that window is created.
```

      be set. If no post data is to be sent, the value will be `null`. Only defined
      when the window is being created by a form that set `target=_blank`.

  Returns `WindowOpenHandlerResponse` -  When set to `{ action: 'deny' }` cancels the creation of the new
  window. `{ action: 'allow' }` will allow the new window to be created. Specifying `overrideBrowserWindowOptions` allows customization of the created window.
  By default, child windows are closed when their opener is closed. This can be
  changed by specifying `outlivesOpener: true`, in which case the opened window will not be closed when its opener is closed.

>   Specyfing `createWindow` allows to customize the way that window is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifying `createWindow` allows to customize the way that window is created.
```

      be set. If no post data is to be sent, the value will be `null`. Only defined
      when the window is being created by a form that set `target=_blank`.

  Returns `WindowOpenHandlerResponse` -  When set to `{ action: 'deny' }` cancels the creation of the new
  window. `{ action: 'allow' }` will allow the new window to be created. Specifying `overrideBrowserWindowOptions` allows customization of the created window.
  By default, child windows are closed when their opener is closed. This can be
  changed by specifying `outlivesOpener: true`, in which case the opened window will not be closed when its opener is closed.
  Specifying `createWindow` allows to customize the way that window is created.
  Returning an unrecognized value such as a null, undefined, or an object
  without a recognized 'action' value will result in a console error and have

>   the same effect as returning `{action: 'deny'}`.

Reviewer: This paragraph is more or less repeating the docs in WindowOpenHandlerResponse, we should probably remove this and fold it into window-open-handler-response.md.
